Update documentation to reference picoprobe-cmsis-v1.0.1 firmware. (#38)
rp-rs/rp2040-project-template: debug_probes.md

## Raspberry Pi Pico

You can use a second Pico as your debugger.

Download one of these firmware files:

- [picoprobe.uf2](https://github.com/raspberrypi/picoprobe/releases/download/picoprobe-cmsis-v1.0.1/picoprobe.uf2) -
  Official raspberrypi probe firmware supporting CMSIS-DAP.
- [raspberry_pi_pico-DapperMime.uf2](https://github.com/majbthrd/DapperMime/releases/download/20210225/raspberry_pi_pico-DapperMime.uf2) -
  Based upon an older version of the CMSIS-DAP sources.
- [rust-dap-pico-ramexec-setclock.uf2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/9names/binary-bits/main/rust-dap-pico-ramexec-setclock.uf2) -
  If you have good wiring between your Pico's, this firmware will give faster
  programming.

Then:

> 1. Boot the Pico in bootloader mode by holding the bootset button while plugging

Reviewer: We should try to match the language used in the [Pico "getting started"](https://datasheets.raspberrypi.com/pico/getting-started-with-pico.pdf#%5B%7B%22num%22%3A13%2C%22gen%22%3A0%7D%2C%7B%22name%22%3A%22XYZ%22%7D%2C115%2C841.89%2Cnull%5D) guide where possible:

```suggestion
1. Put the Pico into USB Mass Storage Mode by holding the BOOTSEL button while connecting it to your computer with a USB cable
```

Author: I just copied the existing text. But the suggestion is indeed clearer, except that the following line needs fixing as well.
